README.md, before:

# Desktop Assistant

A Virtual Desktop Assistant Written in Python.
<br> It's generally a basic virtual assistant
<img src="https://github.com/Harsha200105/DesktopAssitant/blob/main/resource/JJ.jpeg">  <br>
The basic purpose of this is to make work easier as it re-directs you to various main sites and performs various important functions for your PC as well just install it for your system and run it in your code editor or IDE. I will be soon updating it as an application for MacOS, Linux and Windows. Until then you can follow the Contributing Guidelines and Contribute into this Desktop Assistant.<br>

# Installing : 

- Clone the repo to make it available on your local system by using ```git clone <FORKED_REPO_URL>```
- cd into the project directory i.e  - ```cd DesktopAssitant```


# Requirements for windows
Steps to run the Assistant on your pc (use python 3.9)

Installing all the necessary python module using
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```             
# Dependency for Ubuntu
```
sudo apt-get update
```
```
sudo apt-get install espeak
```
```
pip install -r ubuntu_requirements.txt
```

Wow All done! Now give the command to jarvis.

# Run
For windows user run 
```
python Jarvis2_4windows.py
```
For ubuntu user run 
```
python Jarvis2.py
```
Wow! all done and now give some voice command 

# Contributing Guidelines :<br>
- We are Open for Pull Requests
- Please contribute and add value to the code
- If you have some ideas for new features and you don't have time to implement them please open an issue with the tag new_feature.
- Please don't forget to comment (document) your code!
- Also If you feel like developing or working out on the Documentation section of this repository make sure to raise an issue regarding and i'll assign you that!
- Before creating a Pull Request please go through the above guidelines and the code!

Commit message:

README.md updated for ubuntu users

README.md, after:

# Desktop Assistant

A Virtual Desktop Assistant Written in Python.
<br> It's generally a basic virtual assistant
<img src="https://github.com/Harsha200105/DesktopAssitant/blob/main/resource/JJ.jpeg">  <br>
The basic purpose of this is to make work easier as it re-directs you to various main sites and performs various important functions for your PC as well just install it for your system and run it in your code editor or IDE. I will be soon updating it as an application for MacOS, Linux and Windows. Until then you can follow the Contributing Guidelines and Contribute into this Desktop Assistant.<br>

# Installing : 

- Clone the repo to make it available on your local system by using ```git clone <FORKED_REPO_URL>```
- cd into the project directory i.e  - ```cd DesktopAssitant```


# Requirements for windows
Steps to run the Assistant on your pc (use python 3.9)

Installing all the necessary python module using
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```             
# Dependency for Ubuntu
```
sudo apt-get update
```
```
sudo apt-get install espeak
```
```
pip install -r ubuntu_requirements.txt
```

Wow All done! Now give the command to jarvis.

# Run
For windows user run 
```
python Jarvis2_4windows.py
```
For ubuntu user run 
```
python Jarvis2.py
```
Wow! all done and now give some voice command 
# Download
For ubuntu users, install this [deb package](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Harsha200105/DesktopAssistant/issue_44/bin/jarvis_1.0.0-1_all.deb).
# Contributing Guidelines :<br>
- We are Open for Pull Requests
- Please contribute and add value to the code
- If you have some ideas for new features and you don't have time to implement them please open an issue with the tag new_feature.
- Please don't forget to comment (document) your code!
- Also If you feel like developing or working out on the Documentation section of this repository make sure to raise an issue regarding and i'll assign you that!
- Before creating a Pull Request please go through the above guidelines and the code!
